
## Introduction
Montecarlo simulations are useful techniques for simulating certain physical phenomena where randomn effects contribute signifigantly to the system. One example of this is diffufsion limited aggregation (DLA) which shows up in the growth of crystals thorugh electrochemical deposition, dielectric breakdown, and the growth of bacteria colonies under the constraint of scarce nutrients. Therefore, these structures are worth studying for their novel applications. 

## Algorithms and Theory
Fractals are loosely charecterized by having arbitrary complexity as you zoom into them. The fractals that we are intersted in are those generated by DLA. Roughly speaking, the algorithm is simple. You start with a seed point, and then you recursivley walk points until the stick to the aggregate. As points are added, the aggreagte grows and a fractal structure is formed. However, direct implimentation of this algorithm results in an innefficient program that struggles to quickly plot more than one thousand particles. 

The first step in generating a DLA fractal is deciding a useful data structure to store it. This program will use a 2D numpy array. This is because they are indexed, allowing a simple way to take discrete steps, and there is a numpy function called imshow that trivializes plotting an array. The first thing we need is a way check if our point that we are walking has come up to the aggregtes. This is done through the neighbors function.
```python
import numpy as np

def Neighbors(Agg, coords, Length): #Takes in the current point and the aggregate and searches for neighbor
    X, Y = coords #coordinates passed in as the list [X, Y] 

    x_low = max([X - 1, 0])       # If X - 1 goes out of the array, then go to 0
    x_high = min([X + 1,Length - 1])   # If X + 1 goes out of the array, then go to L - 1

    y_low = max([Y - 1, 0])       # If Y - 1 goes out of the array, then go to 0
    y_high =  min([Y + 1,Length - 1])  # If Y + 1 goes out of the array, then go to L - 1

    #check for neighbors by summing
    #np.sum(Agg[y_low:y_high+1, x_low:x_high+1]) > 0
    return np.count_nonzero(Agg[y_low:y_high+1, x_low:x_high+1])
```

qwer
    A) We can instead quantify their difference from objects of classical geometry by lookin at different measures of
       dimension such as the capacity dimension and the topological dimension.
         1) Capacity dimension, aka box counting dimension, is determined by covering the plot in boxes and repeatedly
            shrinking them and counting how many contain a point of the fractal.
         2) Topological dimension is the number of independent directions you can move locally within a space.

2) Sample code and explanation for how the DLA algorithm works. This is left non-specific for now since the algorithm is still being tweaked.
    A) The DLA aggregate is stored as a 2D numpy array. There are three primary functions that are used to compute it.
      1) The first function looks at an input point and checks for neighbors in the surrounding array.
      2) The next function does a step of a random walk for a point input into the array.
      3) The last function uses the first two. It starts a random point and walks it until it is next to a neighbor and
         then adds it to the array.
    B) FIrst plot showing a sample DLA plot.

## Capacity Dimension of the DLA
1) Sample code for calculating the capacity dimension.
    A) Plot of the capacity dimension as a function of stickiness

## Animations for N = 10^6 and other interesting plots
